hello guys and welcome to my channel
today I wanted to share 5 reasons why I
decided to apply to American
universities instead of going to study
in other countries now these reasons
would vary from one person to another
but because this is one video I wanted
to share my 5 reasons now the first
reason is being in the center of the
world if you can say so I can compare
with studying in Germany when I was in
Germany I thought that you know
everything was comfortable everything
was nice and easy schedule I had three
weekends when everything was closed and
I had days when I had to spend time at
the University studying but at the same
time I didn't have the feeling that I'm
in the center of events and I thought
like everything else is happening
somewhere else not where I am right now
but when it travelled to the United
States in 2013 I realized this is where
the center of the world is because every
day we are using Facebook which is
headquartered in California every day we
use Apple which is headquartered in
California and we use Google which is
again headquartered in California there
is MIT where they develop the newest
things that we were going to use in you
know 20 or 30 years and I thought yes
this is the place where the future is
born and for me of being an active and
you know innovative person it's really
important to be where things are
happening and where the future is born
the second reason is funding now I know
many of you are dreaming of studying in
Great Britain and believe me I've been
there when I was 14 I traveled to United
Kingdom for the first time and I thought
well this is the country where I want to
live in and this is the country where I
want to study because Oxford and
Cambridge and basically the best
universities in the world but then I
started researching my options in terms
of funding because my friends told me
hey we're never going to give you like
what 60 K in pounds to study in the
United Kingdom so you have to figure out
yourself and I started researching and
the only step
like scholarship I found was cheapening
scholarship and it was so complicated
and I thought I would never be eligible
for receiving this Chunming scholarship
so I just left my dream of studying
abroad before 2014 when I was scrolling
from my Facebook feed and I saw a story
of a girl who got full financial aid to
study in the United States and I was
like wow is it even possible because
studying in the United States is also
very expensive like if we take top
American universities and take for
example master's degree the minimum
tuition fee would be like $60,000 a year
and that's just tuition fees and then
it's done in my own research or on
funding from American universities and I
realized there are several funding
options that we you can choose
assistantship when you work on American
campus and university compensates your
tuition fees and your housing and then
there is scholarship which is the best
when you just get money and you continue
studying and there are various
fellowships and work-study programs so
if you guys want to see the full video
on financial aid in the American
universities a little link below I made
a whole video of how I got full funding
to do my MBA and masters in the United
States the third thing about studying in
the United States which really applies
to me is that you would have a lot of
prominent lecturers coming to university
and telling you about what's happening
in the world now I got my first degree
in Russia and what I noticed is that we
were told economics by people who were
born and raised in the Soviet Union and
Soviet Union and more than economics
have nothing to do with each other and I
was surprised that you know people who
have never ever traded on financial
markets actually taught us how to do
that in America it's completely
different now for example is Tedford you
will have Ilyn masks or Peter Thiel who
are the best interpreters in the war
right now you will have them giving
lectures to students who study
entrepreneurship and then you will have
Tim Ferriss in Columbia and Tim Ferriss
is actually a guy who wrote a book how
to be productive and how to work four
hours a week I will also leave a link
below because I'm reading this book
right now and it's kind of changing the
life completely so you will have those
people who actually have real life
experience teaching your subjects and I
think this is really important for any
sphere and America I think it's one of
the best countries in terms of having
great people teaching students the
fourth thing which is really important
for everyone is how much money will you
get after you graduate now it would take
top American business schools for
example the average salary would be
around 100 K and this is really amazing
of course it differs from one subject to
another and if you're a teacher you
won't be getting that much money but if
you're doing anything connected with
Sciences business I think there are
great opportunities in America and I
have a couple of friends who are
actually what kind of friends I don't
adult friends professors in American
universities and they live a happy life
and if you want to become a professor in
the United States you would actually
have four years of work and then one
year of you know traveling and sorry I
don't remember the word but if you know
the word please write it down in the
comments but you know they have this
freedom and they have resources to
conduct research they have resources to
have PhD students working for them so I
think you know opportunities after you
graduate from an American universities
are bigger than in other countries and
the last thing but not the least if your
international student like me you would
of course be interested in staying in a
country where you got education and
applying what you've learnt in real life
now in Great Britain it's almost
impossible right now I think you have to
pack your bags and go away in like three
months after you graduate and in America
it's easier so if you grow
created from an American University ago
an American degree you are eligible for
so-called opt which is one 103 years
when you can stay in the United States
and apply what you've learned now if
you're studying STEM subjects which is
like technical engineering mathematics
then you get up to three years and I
think this is great because there would
be an opportunity for you to find an
employer if you want to stay in the
United States or if you just want to get
work experience in the States which is
considered everywhere in the world as
one of the best then you have this
opportunity and you don't have to go
home straight after you're finished
University so these are my five reasons
to study in the United States and I hope
you guys enjoy this video if you want to
add something please comment below I
think this will be really useful for
people who are still deciding where they
want to study and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel because I post a
lot about education abroad about passing
exams and about being an immigrant in
the United States and if you're
interested in those topics you'll find
my channel amazing I hope to see in the
next videos and thank you for watching
this one bye bye